feat(prefer-expect-assertions): support `onlyFunctionsWithAsyncKeyword ` option (#677)
jest-community/eslint-plugin-jest: docs/rules/prefer-expect-assertions.md

  expect(someThing()).toEqual('foo');
});
```

## Options

#### `asyncOnly`

> Run this rule only on async test functions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When `true`, this rule will only warn for tests that use the `async` keyword.
```

Could you also include some examples in the format further up in the doc?
